What's wrong with me?
No, I was beaten and kidnapped
This girl is so pretty
I just said your breasts are big and soft
How comfortable!
Why didn't you call me together?
What are you thinking?
He's also a chef
Nonsense crop monkey daughter still thorns boudoir
Did I know he was a chef?
They actually know my identity
Hey, what do you think Mr. Sun will do with this woman?
Although it is a collection of outstanding beauties
But it doesn't seem safe to keep it
You think too much
Mr. Sun will play for a while at most
If you get tired of it, you strangle it.
Buried in this yard
Who knows?
Wait for Mr. Sun to get tired of playing
Let's have a few sips of soup
This bitch has tender skin
More watery than the woman in Goulan
It's just that if Mr. Sun didn't want to try it
Let's do it for him now.
Who says it's not?
Who makes people a son who can't get married?
Hey, enough is enough
Go for a drink
Is drinking bad?
Why do you have to wake up?
Don't worry, I just got drugged.
I'll never wake up until night
All right, let's go. Let's go.
No, can't sit still
Gotta go see when they're out
Find a way to escape
It was locked